hello my lovelies back again with
another review this one is actually new
video so blue I'm back with new reviews
I wanted to do a review on L'Oreal go
360 clean this one is the deep
exfoliating scrub I've been actually
using this since the start of me until
now so I'm ready to do a really good
review on this product and this one is
the orange tube container this one is
178 MLS so it's a pretty decent sized
tube and a lot of product this one is
really neat because it also has a little
jar emblem which tells you month of
expiry still twelve months and it's
probably not focusing because my camera
sucks i focusing so it's 12 months or a
year 360 line comes of a huge variety of
different types and there's one for
sensitive skin there's combination skin
oily skin normal skin I can't remember
what the other ones were there's one
that I think is also a makeup remover
and also a cleanser but this is the one
I picked up it was on sale so I got it
for I think five dollars I can't remeber
it was from Shoppers Drug Mart these
ones are really good because they are
oil free and these are dermatologist
tested still they have tested these on
our fill people I'm guessing this one
has little gentle exfoliating beads if
you guys can see I don't know if you
guys can tell in the center it comes
with a little scrubber that pops up when
you push at the back so it's this little
kind of looks like a suction it's like a
jelly suction and it has little bristles
different types of bristles kind of
looks kind of weird it kind of actually
reminds me of those you know things you
used to pump breast when you're pregnant
I haven't been pregnant ever before I
don't have kids or anything I'm not
married but I'm just saying I did do my
like clinical rotation when I was a
student nurse I was part of mordenite
seeing these these kind of actually look
like it anyways back to the review so it
comes with a little scrubber that you
can use to scrub your face I think in
the commercial the person uses it in
between their fingers but I find that
one's a little bit harder to use how you
ended up using it like holding it like
that on my face this one smells really
good it smells like citrus for
exfoliating purposes this is a really
good exfoliator I find the micro beads
actually exfoliate Wow it really leaves
your face smooth after you do wash your
face and it feels much more clean so
this one is supposed to exfoliate gently
dull dead skin and unclog your face pore
by pore and this one is supposed to
remove any oil dirt or makeup and make
your pores look smaller so I don't know
about it making my pores look smaller I
haven't really noticed a difference for
making your face more smoother and
buffing out all the dry skin I
definitely say that works for this
product the only thing I did not like
about this product is it actually broke
me out and I don't really know if it's
from the product but I think it is
because I've been using this for like a
month already and I've had like
breakouts here and there and I haven't
had as many breakouts as I did when I
was using this product so I really do
think that this is from the product I do
have sensitive skin so if you do have
sensitive skin I don't know if I would
really recommend this for you
I've been trying out a lot of
exfoliating face products and I find
that even if I use it every other day
are we like or two times a week once a
week I find that my skin still breaks
out like it it's too harsh on my face I
don't really know if I can use
exfoliating product I also tried olive
oil a smooth exfoliating scrub as well
in the month of April I just haven't
done
you want it and that also broke me out
so I don't know I'm trying to like still
use this because I want to see if it
actually just like the initial fees if
it's just trying to get rid of all the
like the dirt off my face that's why I'm
breaking out but if it's still breaking
me out then I'm definitely gonna stop
using this I find it is good for
exfoliating your face really makes your
face quite soft and more younger looking
I guess since it does buff out all the
dull and dead skin but if you do have
sensitive skin I'm not too sure if this
is a product I would recommend for you
because it did break me out so I don't
really have much to say on this product
because it's not a product that I
absolutely like or I absolutely hate so
I'm very like in a neutral place right
now with this product so I don't know I
don't really know if I really like it
reviewing like the sponge that it comes
with I find that it's too small and it's
really hard to work with because it's
like really flimsy cuz it is so small I
wish the handle was a little bit longer
it is quite short or our softness of it
it's not really irritating to the face
it's quite soft it's very gel like it's
not like a hard brush like a toothbrush
on your face
well not like you'd put a toothbrush on
your face it's really soft on the face
and the only thing is yeah I just kind
of remind you of those breast pump
things so yeah so I don't know I don't
really know how I feel about this
product but that was my review for the
360 clean by L'Oreal so hopefully it
helped a little bit and if it didn't you
could probably search on youtube and
check out other people's reviews on the
product thanks for watching